Jagariko: Test your performing skills, Jagariko Challenge!
[Note: Jagariko is a Japanese snack]
Ai-chan: Yay~!!
J: Now, please say "Jagariko"
J: in the following situations
A: Jagariko!
J: that I suggest!
A: Jagariko, Jagariko...
J: Now then, let's get started!
A: Ready!
J: Three, two, one!
A: OK!
J: When you're happy
A: Jagariko~!
J: When you're sad
A: Jagariko...
J: When you're angry
A: Jagariko!!
J: When you're lonely
A: Jagariko...
J: When you're jealous
A: Jagariko!!
J: When you're heartbroken
A: Ja~ga~ri~ko~!
J: When you're arguing
A: Jagariko!!
J: When you're disappointed
A: Jagariko...
J: When you're surprised
A: Jagariko!?
J: When you're exhausted
A: Jagariko~...
J: When you're freezing
A: Jagabrrriko...
J: When you're boiling
A: Jagarikooo~!
J: When you're sleepy
A: Jagariko..?
J: When you're eating?
A: Omnomnomnom?
J: When you're confessing
J: Jagariko? <3
J: When you're expressing gratitude
A: Jagariko~
J: To the person next to you
A: Jagariko~!
J: To someone far away from you
A: JAGARIKO~!
J: To one of your acquaintances
A: Jagariko!
J: To a complete stranger
A: Jagariko...
J: To your friends
A: Jagariko??
J: To your partner
A: Jagariko?? <3
J: In your special technique
A: JAGARIKO!!
J: In a love beam
A: JAGARIKO~!
J: In the virtual world
A: ..Jagariko~?
J: In the real world
A: Jagariko~
J: When you're hyped up
A: JAGARIKO~~!
J: When you're feeling down
A: Jagariko...
J: Like a Kansai person
A: Jagariko (Kansai dialect)
J: Like a Kantou person
A: Jagariblahblah
J: Like an English person
A: JaGAAriKO?
J: Like a Chinese person
A: Jagariko xièxiè (thank you)
J: Normally
A: Jagariko!
J: Thank you very much!
J: It was nice working with you!
A: The same to you!
Wow, that was hard, wasn’t it?
Oh, the tempo was fast,
and I had to answer everything in different ways with the same word...
So, it was definitely
a Jagariko challenge!
To the creator, “Apple@Jagariko Original Creator”-san,
thank you very much!
So,
I’ve been thinking, but
wouldn’t it
be interesting if
there was a Kizuna AI Challenge?!
So, with that,
let’s start making it!
Hello, everyone!
This is the Kizuna AI
Challenge~!!
In the following situations I mention,
please respond with, "Kizuna AI!"
Let’s go!
Three, two, one!
In a cute way
[Kizuna AI]
When you’re scared
When you get the same card
[Kizuna AI]
While you’re crying
Sexily
[Kizuna AI]
Cheering someone on
Bending your torso
[Kizuna AI]
In a whisper
The cutest in the world
[Kizuna AI]
Great job!
Everyone, you understand, right?
After saying the cutest Kizuna Ai in the world,
send all your cute love my way
with all your strength!
I’m depending on you!
And, also this!
I’ll be leaving the full version in the description
[Full version in the description]
and everyone can give it a try!
Hah!
And to you YouTubers:
have fun with it,
and feel free to up a video of it!
Anyway, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Timed by Loserbait